# Mytradinglicks Notifier
**python version: 3.9**

Emails and telegram notification for changes detected in page: https://www.mytradinglicks.com/heat-gauge-live/

# How to use
## Tird party modules


Install the next modules from pip, to use the project:

* [pytz](https://pypi.org/project/pytz/) 
* [bs4](https://pypi.org/project/bs4/)
* [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/)
* [selenium](https://pypi.org/project/selenium/)
* [webdriver-manager](https://pypi.org/project/webdriver-manager/)
* [fake-useragent](https://pypi.org/project/fake-useragent/)

## Programs

Install the next programs, to use the project:

* google chrome

## Configuration file

The **config.json** file have the basic configurations of the project. Update it with your information / preferences

### config.json structure
```json
{
    "page_user": "your_user",
    "page_pass": "your_password",
    "wait_time": 1,
    "time_zone": "Europe/Dublin",
    "day_start": "monday",
    "day_end": "friday",
    "hour_start": "14:30",
    "hour_end": "21:00",
    "email": "your_email@yahoo.com",
    "password": "your password",
    "to_emails": ["email1", "email2"],
    "max_percentage": 59,
    "min_percentage": 53,
    "telegram_chats": ["1812619688", "1207825117", "1308170953"]
}
```
### page_user
*(Type: String)*

**User name** for make **login** in project page.

### page_pass
*(Type: String)*

**User password** for make **login** in project page.

### wait_time
*(Type: Integer)*

**Waiting time in seconds** between each update, to **detect changes** on the page

### time_zone
*(Type: String)*

**Time zone text**, for manage **dates and times**. 

Sample: Europe/Dublin

### day_start
*(Type: String)*

**Day** of the week the **program** will **start**.

Possible values: **sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday**

Note: the **week starts on Sunday**.

### day_end
*(Type: String)*

**Day** of the week the **program** will **end**.

Possible values: **sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday**

Must be **any day after day_start**.

Note: the **week starts on Sunday**. 

### hour_start
*(Type: String)*

**Time** the program **will start**.

Format: **hh:mm**

### hour_end
*(Type: String)*

**Time** the program **will start**.

Format: **hh:mm**

It must be **any time after hour_start**.

### email
*(Type: String)*

**Email** that will **send** the **notification** emails.

Supported mail services:
* **gmail.com**
* **outlook.com**
* **hotmail.com**
* **live.com**
* **yahoo.com**
* **aol.com**

Note: **some mail services require additional steps to log in**. If you have problems connecting your email with the project, **contact me**.

### password
*(Type: String)*

**Password** from email that will **send** the **notification** emails.


### to_emails
*(Type: List of strings)*

**List of emails** that **will receive notifications**.

### max_percentage
*(Type: Integer)*

Reference percentage.
When the **value extracted** from the page is **greater than max_percentage**, the **second notification will be sent** (message by telegram)

Value **between 0 and 100**

### min_percentage
*(Type: Integer)*

Reference percentage.
When the **value extracted** from the page is **less than min_percentage**, the **second notification will be sent** (message by telegram)

Value **between 0 and 100**

### telegram_chats
*(Type: list of strings)*

List of **chat ids** (users), which **will receive notifications** in telegram.

Note: **Do not touch.**

## Run the program

Run the main.py file, with your python 3.9 compiller. 

# Files 

## __pycache__ 
**Auto generated file**: cache file generated for python

## .git 
**Git file:** folder autogenerated by git (project manager program).

## .gitignore 
**Git file:** file to indicate to git (project manager program) witch files to ignore.

## .log
**Debuging file:** file to save the flow of the program and testing information.

## config.json 
**Configuration file:** file with credential of SQL Server and scraping options. 

## date_manager.py
**Module:** script to perform date-related calculations.

## email_manager.py
**Module:** script to send notification emails

## log.py
**Module:** debug script, to detect errors and save the project flow, in the .log file

## main.py
**Module:** script with the main flow of the program.

## README.md
**Description file:** file to describe the project.

## telegram_api.py
**Module:** script to send messages in telegram, with a preconfigured bot.

## web_scraping.py
**Module:** script to automate web scraping tasks.